README.md, before:

# Odyssey Lift-off I: Basics

Welcome to the companion app of Odyssey Lift-off I! You can [find the course lessons and instructions on Odyssey](https://odyssey.apollographql.com/lift-off-part1), Apollo's learning platform.

You can [preview the completed demo app here](https://odyssey-catstronauts.netlify.app/).

## How to use this repo

The course will walk you step by step on how to implement the features you see in the demo app. This codebase is the starting point of your journey!

There are 3 main folders:

- `server`: The starting point of our GraphQL server.
- `client`: The starting point of our React application.
- `final`: The final stage of both the server and client folders, with all of the steps and code completed!

To get started:

1. Navigate to the `server` folder.
1. Run `npm install`.
1. Run `npm start`.

This will start the GraphQL API server.

In another terminal window,

1. Navigate to the `client` folder.
1. Run `npm install`.
1. Run `npm start`.

This will open up `localhost:3000` in your web browser.

## Getting help

For any issues or problems concerning the course content, please refer to the [Odyssey topic in our community forums](https://community.apollographql.com/tags/c/help/6/odyssey).

Commit message:

feat: instantiate the REST datasource and save to apollo server's context feat: define resolvers for tracksForHome and the Track.author field

README.md, after:

# Odyssey Lift-off Series

Welcome to the companion app of Odyssey Lift-off! You can [find the course lessons and instructions on Odyssey](https://odyssey.apollographql.com/lift-off-part1), Apollo's learning platform.

You can [preview the completed demo app here](https://odyssey-catstronauts.netlify.app/).

## How to use this repo

The course will walk you step by step on how to implement the features you see in the demo app. This codebase is the starting point of your journey!

There are 3 main folders:

- `server`: The starting point of our GraphQL server.
- `client`: The starting point of our React application.
- `final`: The final stage of both the server and client folders, with all of the steps and code completed!

To get started:

1. Navigate to the `server` folder.
1. Run `npm install`.
1. Run `npm start`.

This will start the GraphQL API server.

In another terminal window,

1. Navigate to the `client` folder.
1. Run `npm install`.
1. Run `npm start`.

This will open up `localhost:3000` in your web browser.

## Getting help

For any issues or problems concerning the course content, please refer to the [Odyssey topic in our community forums](https://community.apollographql.com/tags/c/help/6/odyssey).

## Enhancement Ideas
- [ ] convert to a monorepo using nx
- [ ] get data dump from the [public catsronauts API](https://odyssey-lift-off-rest-api.herokuapp.com/docs/) and add to a sqlite db
- [ ] rewrite resolvers using an ORM like prisma to access the sqlite db
